16 published by Cambridge University press and Cambridge assessment English 2021.
 This recording is copyright.
 Test one. This is the Isles, listening test.
 You will hear a number of different recordings and he will have to answer questions on what you hear.
 It will be time for you to read the instructions and questions and you will have a chance to check your work.
 All the recordings will be played once only.
 The test is in full Parts. At the end of the test, you will be given 10 minutes to transfer. All your answers to the answer sheet.
 Now, turn to part 1.
 Part 1.
 You will hear a man wanting to find out about some children's engineering workshops.
 first, you have some time to look at questions, 1, 2 3,
 Now listen, carefully and answer questions, 1 2 3.
 Hello children's engineering workshops. I wanted some information about the workshops in the school holidays. The younger ones. Lydia, she's full. Do you take children as young as that tiny Engineers, Workshop is for 4 to 5 year olds sorcerer activities, do they do free sample, they work together to design a special cover that goes round and egg. So that when it's inside, they can drop it from a height and it doesn't break well. Sometimes it does break, but that's part of the phone loves building things.
 Is there any opportunity for her to do that? They have a competition to see who can make the highest tower. You'd be amazed how high they can go that learning all the time as well as having phone. For example, one thing they do is to design and build a cop that's attached to a balloon and the phone was at the air in that actually Powers the car and makes it Move Along. They go really fast to sounds perfect.
 Before you hear the rest of the conversation, you have some time to look at the questions for 2:10.
 Now, listen and answer questions 4 to 10.
 No collie, that's my older daughter. Has just had her seventh birthday. So presumably, she being a different group. She be in the junior. Engineer is not for children from six to eight to build model vehicles, things like cars and trucks. But also how to construct animals using the same sorts of material and technique and then they learn how they can program them and make them move. So they do they take it out really quickly. We're dad to help if they needed one another to do. They have competitions to yes, with the junior engine, is it safe to use recycled materials like Cottonwood
 Build a bridge and the longest one get surprised myself. Then they have something a bit different which is the thing called an idea for a five-minute movie and then filled it using special animation software. You'd be amazed what they come up with my phone and take home to show their friends. Exactly. And then they also build a robot in the shape of a human. They decorated program it so that it can move its arms and legs perfect. So, is it the same price as the tiny engine is, it's just a bit 50 lb for the five weeks on a Monday to, they used to be but we found it didn't give out of stuff enough time to clear up after the first Workshop. So we moved them. Two Wednesdays, the classes
 Held in the morning, from 10 to 11:10 a.m. sign on the door. You can't miss it. I'm not saying fredston industrial estate Princeton. Shadestone, will I have any parking problems there? No, that's always plenty of available. So, would you like to enroll, Lydia and calling out? So can I have your phone?
 What is the end of part 1? You now have half a minute to check your answers to part 1.
